clusterpool: hibernationConfig.resumeTimeout (#226)
openshift/ci-docs: content/en/docs/how-tos/cluster-claim.md

A side effect of this configuration is that the installation logs are gone, with
the failed `ClusterDeployment`, which are useful e.g., for filing installer bugs.

### Configuring Timeout on Awakening a Hibernating Cluster

> By configuring [`ClusterPools.spec.hibernationConfig.resumeTimeout`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/openshift/hive/apis@master/hive/v1#HibernationConfig), Hive stops retries after the specified time on waking up a hibernating cluster, considers it broken and replaces it. If not set, Hive will keeps retrying until it succeeds.

Reviewer: Technically hive is waiting, not retrying.
```suggestion
By configuring [`ClusterPools.spec.hibernationConfig.resumeTimeout`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/openshift/hive/apis@master/hive/v1#HibernationConfig), Hive stops waiting after the specified time on waking up a hibernating cluster, considers it broken and replaces it. If not set, Hive will keep waiting until it succeeds.
```

Author: Updated.
